you
it has been very exciting working with
brawn and being here in Berlin because
they are a classic name they are very
well known for quality
it was really exciting to be a part of
their team and to be invited to be the
face of brawn or the hair of Ron for the
Brawn TV commercial we needed styles
that we're really showing lightness
airiness lucci have floating in the air
and that's exactly the energy that we
got today we had a really good time
collaborating on the commercial because
they were very open to many ideas and we
both decided it'd be more dynamic
instead of standing still and just
having a beautiful hair campaign to add
beauty and movement and make it more
stylistic so they added this dance
movement and it really created something
quite dynamic I think also for the hair
the combination of the two was really
exciting
especially practices like Lucy it's
absolute key to have healthy hair as
they're moving from one world to the
next and the only way to maintain
healthy hair is working with styling
tools that allow you to have the right
heat setting for your type of hair and
the Braun certain hair range allows you
exactly to do that so it's just perfect